I'm Shokhboz Abdullaev who has reached his seventeens already and is currently seeking for the right University. I'm just a person who wants to be professional in Software Engineering and Computer Science sphere. I'm currently studying my last year of Upper Secondary School Programme. After graduation, I don't want to be struggling in finding  University and I'm just preparing for that moment with a strong will. My speciality is Software Engineering (if exactly Web Development). I've learned web development and that's the reason I'm so interested in the University of Seoul Tech. I'm self-taught, scalable and ready to learn new skills as well. Shortly about my family: I live with my father, mother and 2 younger brothers. I appreciate the people who gave me motivation, education, inspiration. Time management: I think that even one day can change your life so I manage my time carefully. In the morning as usual I get up, wash my teeth and face. I plan what work will I do at what time and so on. Depending on the project's or works time taking period I decide at what time I should finish and what time I should have a rest. But honestly, the rest time is rare. Before planning, I always have a good breakfast. After planning my work and business, I just straightly get forward to my pc to begin the programming. Programming and Study time is random, it depends on the size of the job or course. Nevertheless, the time that the Lunch starts is not ignored or missed. Having eaten my lunch I go through what I've done and summarise them. If summarising stage is completed then I put forward other goals to achieve (in project or studying), memorise them and keep to the next day (if they can not be done that day). The long period of hard-working (studying) or having a rest is not useful and productive. According to that, I refresh my mind walking in the street or having a sport work out. Mind refreshing time is over and I'm again at home sitting and learning something or reading a book that is not relevant to my speciality.
The final step is that I study a bit about Math, Programming, eat dinner food, if food is digested then it will be a time to go to bed for me. That is the end of one day in my life. My disliked things: One set of my disliked things are Social media web sites like Facebook, Instagram and Tik Tok. They are time-wasting and the road to the failure. I love enhancing my skills and self-improvement.